"April 8, 2023"       "Floor 11: Taft"
Here's to us, the Moonlit Black Cats!
Cheers!
And here's to Kirito, the
man who saved our lives!
Cheers!
Ch-Cheers...
Thanks.
--Thanks!
--You saved us.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
It was nothing.
I was really scared.
So when you came to save me,
it made me so happy.
S-Sure...
Um, Kirito...
I know this is really rude to ask,
but about what level are you?
Level 20 or so.
You're not that much
higher than us,
and yet you're
a solo player!
Keita, you don't need
to be so polite.
I'm solo, but that means I'm
targeting isolated enemies.
It isn't that efficient.
Oh... Oh, I see.
In that case, Kirito, sorry to spring
this on you all of a sudden,
but how about joining our guild?
The only player who can handle the
vanguard is our mace user, Tetsuo.
This one's name is Sachi.
I'm thinking that she switch to
be a sword-and-shield wielder
so she can cover
the front line.
But she says that she
isn't really sure how.
Think you could coach her?
Come on! Don't make me
sound so useless.
I'd be too scared if you suddenly
tell me to fight in the vanguard.
Just hide behind your shield.
I swear! You've always
been such a scaredy-cat.
See, in real life, all of our guild members
belong to our school's PC Research Club.
Oh, hey, don't worry though...
You're sure to fit in right
away, Kirito. For sure!
Right?
Then...
I guess I'll join you
guys after all...
Glad to work with you.
--Let's all do our best, okay?
--I'm Sasamaru. Glad you joined us!
The cowardly past that I'd acknowledged
Still not understanding why,
I stand behind myself, scared
Projecting reality onto today
I've drawn so many skies
This must be my fleeting heart
Out of control
In my dreams, this body soars so high
And it can brush away any fears that cling to me
Asleep inside me, these budding
feelings start to expand
I realize this, weak as I am...
As long as I had you
I could stay strong in this dark world
My heart will dream a long dream forever
I want to always be with you
I'll give you everything I have...
"Red-Nosed Reindeer"
"May 9, 2023"       "Floor 20: Sunlit Forest"
Sachi, step back for now!
Tetsuo, switch!
Right!
"Scythe of Killer Mantis"
All right!
You did it!
So an Assault Team made it
through floor 28...
That's amazing!
Hey, Kirito.
What is it that sets the Assault
Teams apart from us?
Information, maybe?
They know all the most efficient ways
to get EXP, and they don't share them.
Well, I'm sure that's
got to be part of it.
But I think it's willpower.
Willpower?
You could say it's how determined you are
to protect your friends... No, all the players.
Now, we are still protected, but
I think my will's just as strong.
Of course, our friends' safety
is our first priority.
But someday, we want to join the
ranks of the Assault Team too.
I see.
You're right.
Heh, maybe...
Hey, leader, you're so cool!
Come on...
Joining the ranks of the Holy Dragon
Alliance or the Knights of the Blood Oath?
What about it?
We might as well set
our goal high.
First, we're all gonna
hit level 30, okay?
That's impossible!
If the Black Cats do make rapid
strides and reach the front lines,
Keita's ideals could change the insular
atmosphere of the Assault Teams.
I have an announcement
to make, everyone.
Um... As of our last hunt,
we've saved 200,000 Col!
Buying our own house won't be
just a dream pretty soon.
Hey, why don't we upgrade
Sachi's equipment?
Good idea.
I'm fine with what I have.
Don't be shy.
It wouldn't be fair to make Kirito take
the vanguard forever, you know.
I'm sorry.
I don't mind.
Don't worry about it.
Sorry, Kirito...
Sachi, I know it's hard
to switch jobs.
But you know what?
You're almost there.
Let's all do our best!
Yeah.
"May 16, 2023"       "Floor 28: Wolf Plains"
Klein...
Hey, it's you, Kirito!
You guys, clean up the
rest of the trash mobs.
Sure.
I was thinking I hadn't
seen you for a while.
You're out leveling
this late at night?
Hey... that mark...
Did you join a guild?
Yeah, sort of...
Hey, we can move on now!
See you.
Sure.
For crying out loud...
It's still bugging you?
"This is Keita.
Sachi went off somewhere
and still hasn't returned.
We're heading to
the dungeon area.
If you learn anything,
let me know."
Sachi...
"Seek Enemy"
"Track"
"Launch Sword"
Sachi!
Kirito?
Everyone's worried.
Hey, Kirito...
Let's run away together.
Run away from what?
From this town, the monsters...
From the Black Cats...
From Sword Art Online.
A-Are you talking about
double suicide?
That might be okay too.
No, I'm sorry.
That was a lie.
If I had the courage to die,
I wouldn't hide within the
safety of the town, would I?
Hey, why can't we
leave this place?
Why do we really have to die,
even though it's a game?
What's the point of all this?
I don't think there is a point.
I'm afraid of dying.
You're afraid of dying?
I'm so scared I haven't
been able to sleep lately...
You won't die.
Really?
How can you say for sure?
The Black Cats are strong
enough as a guild.
Our margin of safety is
well above average.
And there's both
Tetsuo and me.
So you don't need to force
yourself to the front ranks.
I really don't have to die?
I can go back to
reality someday?
Yeah.
You aren't going to die.
I'm sure they'll beat
this game eventually.
Come in.
I'm sorry.
I just couldn't get to sleep.
If I stay in this guild,
she'll be safe.
Someday, we'll be able to
go back to the real world.
There are lots of players
like Sachi who fear death.
But they still laugh, cry, and try with
all their might to live in this world.
I've never even thought about it...
Kirito?
It's okay.
You're going to survive.
I promise.
Because I'm going to protect
you all, no matter what.
Okay, I'm off!
Teleport: Town of Beginnings.
I didn't know buying your own
home would be so exciting.
You sound like an old man!
Hey, let's go raise some cash
while Keita's buying the house.
Oh! Are we going
to buy furniture?
In that case, want to
go up to the dungeon?
Shouldn't our usual hunting
grounds be good enough?
We can make more in
a short time up there.
At our levels, it should be safe!
"June 12, 2023"       "Floor 27: Dungeon"
Didn't I tell you? This'll be a breeze for us.
We might be able to reach
the front lines soon!
Heck, yeah!
A hidden door...
in a place like this?
A treasure chest!
W-Wait!
It's a trap!
Everyone, let's get out of here!
Teleport: Taft!
We can't use our crystals!
So this is a crystal-nullification area?
Tetsuo!
Damn it!
Sachi!
Kirito!
"December 24, 2023"       "Floor 49: Mugien"
Lately, you've been taking big
risks with your level raising.
Did you get any new information?
Nothing worth charging money for.
You're giving information
brokers a bad name.
This wasn't in the beta test.
It's a first-time event.
There's no way to get information.
On Christmas Eve...
In other words, late tonight,
the event boss, "Nicholas the
Renegade," will appear.
Beneath a certain fir tree.
The leading guilds are
searching frantically for it.
You have an idea
where it is, don't you?
Maybe.
You're seriously going
to try and solo it?
In this world, the dead
can never return.
But there's a rumor that
Nicholas the Renegade
will drop an item that can
revive a dead player.
If I try and fight him alone,
I'll probably die.
I'll die in a place where
no one will see me,
leaving nothing behind.
You were a beater...
You never had any right
to get involved with us!
That's right.
I...
My arrogance...
...killed you all.
If only I hadn't kept
my level secret...
"Floor 35: Forest Maze"
If I can defeat Nicholas,
Sachi's soul will return,
and I'll be able to
hear her last words.
Whatever words she
uses to curse me,
I've got to accept them.
Yo.
You followed me?
Well, yeah.
Are you after the revival item?
Yeah.
Don't risk your life over what
might be a bogus rumor.
This death game is for real.
The moment our HP drops to zero,
our brains in the real world--
Shut up.
Enough with your
reckless solo raids!
Join us...
Whoever gets it to drop the revival item
keeps it, no hard feelings.
That should be fair enough, right?
Then there'd be no point.
I have to do it myself.
I can't let you die here, Kirito!
So, you were being
followed too, Klein.
Looks that way.
Damn! The Holy Dragon Alliance?
They'll do anything, no matter
how risky, for a rare item.
What should we do?
I...
Damn it!
Go, Kirito!
Klein...
Go on! We'll hold them off!
Shut up.
Kirito!
H-Hey...
That's the revival item.
Let me see.
"The target player..."
"(WITHIN 10 SECONDS)"
"Within 10 seconds"?
Use it on the next person
who dies before your eyes.
Kirito...
Kirito!
You... You've got to live!
Survive until the end, please...
See you.
Sachi?
Merry Christmas, Kirito.
By the time you hear this,
I'm guessing I'll be dead.
How can I explain it...
Um, you see...
To tell you the truth,
I never really wanted to leave
the Town of Beginnings.
But if I fight with that attitude,
I'm sure I'll end up
dying one day, right?
And it's no one's fault.
It's my own problem.
Kirito, ever since that night,
you've been telling me
night after night
that I won't die.
So if I ever get killed, I know
that you'll really blame yourself.
That's why I decided
to record this.
Also, I know how powerful
you really are.
You see, a while ago
I peeked accidentally.
I thought really hard about why
you would hide your level
and fight with us,
but I never did figure it out.
But when I found out how strong
you really were, it made me so happy.
I felt so relieved.
So even if I die,
you do your best to
go on living, okay?
Live to see the end
of this world,
and to see why it
was ever created...
The reason why a weakling
like me ended up here...
And please find the reason
why you and I met.
That's what I wish.
Looks like there's still
plenty of time left.
All right, since it's Christmas,
I'll sing you a song, okay?
Bye, Kirito.
I'm so glad that I met you,
that I could be with you.
Thank you.
Goodbye.
The tolling of the faraway bells
sounded a little lonely to me
So I tried harder, one more time,
this time soaring higher, all the way up
Neither this reality that just keeps repeating itself
Nor all my wishes, as numerous as the stars
Now that I've found the tomorrow
I should strive for
None of them can overcome these feelings of mine
A world without end, opening up before my eyes
Even if it's no more than a dream
Even if I'm still lost, deep in my heart, it is strong
Echoing forever and ever
Shining softly, ever so softly
Next Time: "The Black Swordsman."